thank you very much sir doctor of rice
thank you
He says
do not be scared lady the afternoons is a
part has opened his eyes and suddenly
having a reata side
and he does not know what he has until he sees it
is here, says sandra, please
include in my son's prayers
michel went camping we do
in this holy talent take care of
camp tasting thank you very much
here is my real is you see it in
perfect health the physical state is
unbeatable the moral state is more
here is her speech for all
you and for all of you my girl my
parents from there
very good morning my loves for health to
the ream today that is Wednesday, the 17th
October 2012 today my children want
inform you that a Hindu name of 96
years has become the father more
old man of the world after his wife of
52 years gave birth to his second son the
Hindu has explained that he does not drink alcohol or
that is a vegetarian who gets up very
early that he goes to bed at 8 and that
after work take a nap
so you already know the secret of the
longevity and the extension of the
sex life
Today I say goodbye to my children and you
I hope here tomorrow remember that I am
the reata and that always
you will be very, very, very
how good that is longevity but
what a life of eggs because success without
smoking is very healthy that goes for nothing
at this time thank you sir
thank you thank you my life we 're going away from the
tele we do not follow in w radio thousand kids
if they have tele there is seen or the law